[charts-pro] Add `onItemClick` to the heatmap (#20817)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/heatmap/heatmap.md

{{"demo": "HighlightClasses.js"}}

## Click event

Use `onItemClick` to know which cell is clicked by user.

The first argument is the click event.
The second one is the item identifiers.
It contains the `xIndex` and `yIndex` that are the index of the clicked cell along x- and y-axes.

> If a data is associated to this cell, the `dataIndex` property provides the index in series `data` array of the cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If data is associated to this cell, the `dataIndex` property provides the index in series `data` array of the cell.
```

> If data is associated to this cell, the `dataIndex` property provides the index in series `data` array of the cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this cell has associated data, the `dataIndex` property indicates the position of the cell's data within the series’ `data` array.
```

> - `cell?: { seriesId, dataIndex, value }`: The cell value if defined. It's undefined if with there is not data associated to the cell.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cell?: { seriesId, dataIndex, value }`: The cell value if defined. It's undefined if there is not data associated to the cell.
```
